Fix/incorrect sidepanel display (#216)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-dtm: Changelog.md

## 2.5.3 - UNRELEASED

### Fixed

> -   Side panel is now properly hidden when the About page is opened.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Sidebar actions are now hidden when the About panel is selected.
```

@greg-fer still not sure about wording

Author: @greg-fer missing "when" after "being visible"? 🤔
